---
title: "API-222: Machine Learning and Big Data Analytics" 
date: 
tags: ["Graduate course", "HKS"] 
author: "Course Assistant for Professor Soroush Saghafian's graduate course at the Harvard Kennedy School"
description: " " 
summary: "Fall 2024, Spring 2024, Spring 2023" 
cover:
    relative: false
showToc: false
disableAnchoredHeadings: false

---
<link href="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/bootstrap@5.3.0/dist/css/bootstrap.min.css" rel="stylesheet">

## Course information:
+ **Level:** Graduate (Masters, PhD)  
+ **Role:** Course Assistant  

<div class="table">  
| Term | Class size | Rating |
| ---- | ---------- | ------ | 
| 2024 Fall | 49 | 5.0 / 5.0 |
| 2024 Spring | 100 | 5.0 / 5.0 |
| 2023 Spring | 120 | N/A&ast; |
</div>div>


## Student Quotes
### 2024 Fall
+ "Omar was always super effective in delivering support in many ways. He made content accessible without overprescribing learning. He allowed independent learning while ensuring support. This made a difference. I also want to outline how Omar went above and beyond to be available, which truly made big difference for this course."  
+ "Friendly, kind, and supportive."
+ "He is extremely helpful and always provided me great support. Not only he understands very much about the topic, but also is very kind when handling doubts and providing guidance."
+ "Best TA I ever had."

### 2024 Spring
+ "I like the fact you go above and beyond in your office hours to help people understand the topic and coding. Have rarely met anyone who puts so much heart, effort and thought into their office hours!"
+ "Omar was always eager to help and always showed depth of his knowledge of the course."
+ "Omar was always very helpful and respectful whenever I asked him questions. I was surprised by his thorough, step-by-step explanations he provided me to help me understand the concept. I appreciate efforts and time he spent to assist us."
+ "He is just perfect!"
&nbsp;
  
&nbsp;

*&ast;Course evaluations only collected in Spring and Fall 2024.*
